refactor(packages): move ensnode-react into namehash-ui (#2113)
namehash/ensnode: packages/namehash-ui/README.md

The contained UI components are for reuse across multiple apps developed by the NameHash Labs team, but are highly opinionated according to our specific apps and therefore aren't intended for the general public.

> This package also exports the ENSNode React provider and hooks (e.g. `EnsNodeProvider`, `useRecords`, `usePrimaryName`, `usePrimaryNames`, `useResolvedIdentity`, `useIndexingStatus`, `useRegistrarActions`, `useNameTokens`, `useSwrQuery`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package also exports various React providers and hooks (e.g. `EnsNodeProvider`, `useRecords`, `usePrimaryName`, `usePrimaryNames`, `useResolvedIdentity`, `useIndexingStatus`, `useRegistrarActions`, `useNameTokens`, `useSwrQuery`, etc.).
```

## Installation

```bash
npm install @namehash/namehash-ui @tanstack/react-query sonner
```

> [!NOTE]

> > `@tanstack/react-query` and `sonner` are peer dependencies. `@tanstack/react-query` is required when using the ENSNode hooks/provider exported from this package; `sonner` is only required for the `CopyButton` component. Depending on which components you use, you may not need both installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `@tanstack/react-query` and `sonner` are peer dependencies. `@tanstack/react-query` is required when using the hooks/providers exported from this package; `sonner` is only required for the `CopyButton` component. Depending on which components you use, you may not need both installed.
```
